[WIND WHISTLING]
[BIRDS CAWING]
[DOG BARKS]
[MEXICAN MUSIC PLAYS
OVER STEREO]
[WOOD SNAPS]
[♪♪♪]
Manuel.
Manuel!
Qué contrastes?
Manuel.
[♪♪♪]
[TEA KETTLE WHISTLING]
[TV ANNOUNCER TALKING
INDISTINCTLY]
[GASPING]
[♪♪♪]
[HISSES]
[SCREAMS]
[TIRES SCREECH]
MAN:
I think...
I think I found you one.
Look, I called you, right?
Soon as I couldn't
pull it out myself...
[CLEARS THROAT]
I called you, John.
[BABY CRYING,
PEOPLE WHISPERING]
WOMAN:
It's okay,
it's okay.
You had to
tie her down.
It'll be okay.
It's okay.
[GURGLING]
[GROWLING]
[JANGLING]
[HISSES]
[WHISPERS]
This is Constantine.
John Constantine...
asshole.
[GROWLING]
[SPEAKS
UNKNOWN LANGUAGE]
Sure.
[UNHOLY SCREAMING]
[WHISPERING IN LATIN]
What the hell?
I need a mirror.
Now! At least 3 feet high.
Move!
Go, now!
This is Kramer.
Chas Kramer, asshole.
Asshole.
What?
Oh. This is Kramer.
Chas Kramer, asshole.
CONSTANTINE:
Chas!
What?
Move the car.
Why?
Move the damn car!
[CAR STARTS]
Chas, move the car.
There, car's moved.
[CLAMORING]
Lift it up
over the bed.
Tie that end off.
Hennessy...
over the top.
Close your eyes.
And whatever happens...
don't look.
[HISSING, GROWLING]
[WHISPERING IN LATIN]
[GRUNTS]
No!
[WHIMPERING]
Show yourself.
Smile pretty, you vain prick.
Ah.
For your boss.
[ROARS]
Pull it!
Shi--
[BANGING]
[SNARLING]
[GASPS]
Ma? Ma?
MOTHER:
Ohhh...
[SCREAMS]
[WOMEN CONVERSING INDISTINCTLY]
[♪♪♪]
HENNESSY:
Like I said,
I found you something,
didn't I, John?
Didn't I?
What happened
in there?
Going to a lot
of meetings, I see.
Keeps the voices out
so I can sleep.
I have to sleep,
John.
I need some help,
Father.
You do?
From me?
What kind of--?
Hey.
Listen, I--
That exorcism
wasn't right.
Listen to the ether.
Anything unusual...
you let me know.
Come on, you don't
need its protection.
It'll be like
back in the day.
A few days.
Okay.
For you, John.
John, why would you
do that
if you know
it's not my car?
I told you
to move it.
All right, John, you did
tell me to move it.
But if you would've
told me that it was
a 300-pound mirror
you were dropping
with a pissed-off demon,
I would've moved it
further, John.
Take Alvarado.
Yeah, John, thank you.
I know what to take.
CHAS:
You ever think
if you told me more now,
that maybe I could help out?
Huh?
Nope.
Nope? Of course
it's a nope.
[BOWLING PINS CLATTERING]
[SIREN WAILS
IN DISTANCE]
[♪♪♪]
Bless me, Father,
for I have sinned.
It's been...
two weeks since
my last confession.
I killed a man today.
Another one.
I didn't even...
see his face.
I just...
pulled the trigger,
and he went away.
Most cops go 20 years...
without firing their guns.
Why do I always know
where these guys are?
Where to aim, when to fire.
I wonder, is there something
wrong with me, Father?
Something damned?
PRIEST:
God has a plan for you.
He has a plan for us all.
You mustn't let your faith
be overshadowed by guilt.
WOMAN:
Yeah, I'm trying.
I'm trying real hard.
MALE VOICE [WHISPERING]:
Isabel.
[♪♪♪]
MALE VOICE [WHISPERING]:
Isabel.
[GASPING]
[MEOWS]
[MAN COUGHING]
[SPITS]
[SIRENS WAIL]
[MOTOR WHIRRING]
CONSTANTINE:
Things I've beaten.
Things most people
never even heard of.
And now I'm gonna be
done in by this.
Wouldn't be the first,
John.
Come on, Les...
you saved me before,
you can do it again, right?
This is aggressive.
Twenty years ago
you didn't wanna be here.
Now you don't
wanna leave.
Yeah,
that's a good idea.
John, you really
need to prepare.
[SCOFFS]
Make
arrangements.
No need.
I already know exactly
where I'm going.
Morning.
Good morning.
MAN:
Detective.
No, no, no, no, no.
Angela, wait.
You don't need to
see this, okay? No.
Give us the room, please.
[DOOR SHUTS]
Isabel.
She fell from the roof.
MAN:
She jumped.
No.
Look,
I know it's hard
to accept,
she was sick.
Isabel wouldn't
kill herself.
Angie...
She wouldn't
kill herself.
Detective.
Period.
Period!
Angie, there were
security cameras.
[ELEVATOR DINGS]
Hold the door!
Are you going down?
Not if I can
help it.
[♪♪♪]
[THE DAVE BRUBECK QUARTET'S
"TAKE 5" PLAYING]
A new case?
The big score?
The mother lode?
The one you've been
waiting for?
Humor me.
Don't I always?
[SHEEP BLEATING]
Much obliged.
Thank you.
How you feeling, John?
So, what's new?
Uh...
Bullet shavings
from the assassination
attempt on the pope,
Holy water ampoules
from the River Jordan.
And, oh,
you'll love this.
A screech beetle
from Amityville.
[SCREECHING]
Here.
It's funny to you,
but to the fallen,
that's like nails
on a chalkboard.
What is it exactly
with you and bugs?
I just like them.
Yeah, who doesn't?
Yeah, easy there,
hero.
That's dragon's
breath.
I thought you couldn't
get it anymore.
Yeah, well,
I...
[CLEARS THROAT]
I know a guy
who knows a guy.
So, uh...
what's the action?
I just pulled a soldier demon
out of a little girl.
Looked like it was
trying to come through.
Yeah, I know how it sounds.
No, we're finger puppets
to them, John.
Not doorways.
They can work us,
but they can't
come through
onto
our plane.
Check the scrolls anyway.
See if there's any precedents.
Sure thing,
John.
Uh...
Anything else?
Wouldn't happen to have
anything for a, uh...?
On the house.
[THUNDERCLAP]
CHAS:
All right, question.
How much longer do I have
to be your slave, John?
You're not my slave, Chas.
You're my very
appreciated apprentice.
Like Tonto or Robin.
Or that skinny fellow
with the fat friend.
Right. So then why don't I
apprentice something
besides driving then, John?
[OPENS DOOR]
John? John!
I love our little
talks, John!
[♪♪♪]
May I take your coat,
Mr. Constantine?
No, thanks.
I'm not gonna be staying long.
How about you,
ma'am?
Oh, no, I'm not
staying long, either.
Um...
I really need to
speak with him.
It's very important.
First come,
first served.
Oh.
So you're rude
no matter where you are.
Father.
Hi.
You have news.
Yes, I spoke with the bishop.
Yes.
I know what you want, son.
CONSTANTINE:
Still keeping your
all-seeing eye
on me, Gabriel?
I'm flattered.
Well, I could offer something
about how a shepherd
leads even the most
wayward of his flock.
But it might sound
disingenuous.
She has to have a
Catholic funeral, Father.
She has to.
Angela, it's still
considered a mortal sin.
She didn't
commit suicide.
The bishop
believes otherwise.
You know the rules,
Angela.
Oh, rules!
Father...
David...
this is
Isabel.
God was the only one
she ever believed loved her.
Please?
I'm sorry.
I've been
seeing some
unusual soul
traffic lately.
You might consider
giving me an extension.
I could do your side
some good these days.
You still trying to
buy your way into heaven?
What about the minions
I've sent back?
That alone should
guarantee my entry.
How many times have I told you?
That's not the way this works.
Why?
Haven't I served Him enough?
What does He want from me?
Only the usual.
Self-sacrifice,
belief.
Oh, I believe,
for Christ's sake!
No, no, you know.
And there's a difference.
You've seen.
I never asked
to see.
I was born
with this curse.
A gift, John.
One that you've squandered
on selfish endeavors.
I'm pulling demons
out of little girls.
Who's that for?
Everything you've ever done
you've only ever done
for yourself.
To earn your way back
into his good graces.
Impossible rules,
endless regulations.
Who goes up?
Who goes down?
And why?
You don't even
understand us.
You're the one who should
go to hell, half-breed.
Why me, Gabriel?
It's personal,
isn't it?
I didn't...
go to church enough.
I didn't pray enough.
I...
was 5 bucks short
in the
collection plate.
Why?
You are going to
die young because...
you smoked
30 cigarettes a day
since you were 15.
[SIGHS]
And you're going to
go to hell...
because of the life
you took.
You're fucked.
[THUNDERCLAP]
[COUGHING]
At least it's
nice out.
He always had a
rotten sense of humor.
And his punch lines
are killers.
CHAS:
John!
Constantine,
it's raining! John!
Hey!
[CAR DOOR SHUTS]
[PAPER CRINKLING]
MALE VOICE:
Twenty-two women
from Louisville, Kentucky
were found buried in the
assailant's back yard.
So much damage had been done
to the bodies,
police had to match...
FEMALE VOICE:
Police report she had been
physically penetrated
over 100 times
and buried alive.
MALE VOICE:
...found locked
in a storage freezer,
his head severed
and his organs....
FEMALE VOICE:
He stuffed
Holly's body into....
MALE VOICE:
...the bodies ravished
by the unknown....
FEMALE VOICE:
He used a small handsaw
from the toolbox...
MALE VOICE:
...and nearly decapitated.
Even his eyes were gouged out.
MALE VOICE [WHISPERING]:
Isabel.
[♪♪♪]
[QUIETLY]
I'm so sorry, Izzy.
Constantine.
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
Dodson.
Hello?
[RINGING]
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
[ALL PHONES RINGING]
[THUNDERCLAP]
[BIRD CAWS]
[JOHN COUGHS]
[CONTINUES COUGHING]
MAN:
Hey.
Hey, buddy,
got a light?
[SCREECHING]
[UNHOLY GRUNTING]
[SCREECHING INTENSIFIES]
Should've minded
your own business, exorcist!
[CAR HORNS HONKING]
[TIRES SCREECH]
CHAS:
I know where
you're going, John.
You're going
to Midnite's.
Aren't you supposed to be
waiting in the cab.
It's a haven for those
who rise and fall.
I remember reading
about this, John.
You read too much, kid.
It's a bar.
It's a bar?
Papa Midnite is
a crusader for good.
He swore the oath
of neutrality.
John, the man's
a legend.
Yeah.
Can you please get me
into this bar, John, please?
I'm begging you,
John, please? Please?
Sure, you can get in.
I can get in?
If you can get in.
Wha--
If I can get--?
It's a bear,
though, right?
Or two ducks in a cloud?
Two frogs on a bench.
No, no, no.
I'm with the guy you just--
John! John!
I'm with him, though.
Rat in a dress.
Of course it is.
I'm just testing.
[A PERFECT CIRCLE'S
"PASSIVE" PLAYING]
♪ "Dead as dead can be" ♪
♪ My doctor tells me ♪
♪ But I just can't
Believe him ♪
♪ Ever the optimistic one ♪
♪ I'm sure of your ability ♪
♪ To become my perfect enemy ♪
♪ Wake up and face me ♪
♪ Don't play dead
'Cause maybe ♪
♪ Someday I will walk away ♪
♪ And say,
"You disappoint me" ♪
♪ Maybe you're better off
This way ♪
[MUSIC CONTINUES IN BACKGROUND]
[DOOR CLOSES]
CONSTANTINE:
Don't get up.
MAN:
You've been absent
some time.
Have you come here
with relics to sell?
No, I'm out of that now.
I've been too busy.
Perhaps peddling
forgeries has ended up
being bad for your health.
Midnite, Jesus...
I thought
the thing was authentic.
[QUIETLY]
Oh.
I see now.
Your health is bad
for other reasons.
How long?
A few months,
maybe a year.
I thought I heard
thunder last night.
Must have been Satan's
stomach growling.
You're the one soul he'd come up
here himself to collect.
So I've heard.
Well...
I am most certain
you did not come here
for a sympathetic
shoulder to cry on.
A demon just attacked me,
right out in the open
on Figueroa.
They don't like you,
John.
How many have you
deported back to hell?
Not some
angry half-breed, Midnite.
A full-fledged demon,
here, on our plane.
Clearly I do not have to
remind you that is impossible.
And yesterday
I saw
a soldier demon
trying to chew its way out
through a little girl.
Listen, John.
Demons stay in hell,
angels in heaven...
the great détente
of the original superpowers.
Thanks for the history
lesson, Midnite.
You've been
a tremendous help.
Now...
I need to use
the chair.
John, forgetting the fact
that it would
almost certainly kill you,
you know I am neutral.
And as long as the balance
is maintained,
I take no sides.
Before you were
a bartender...
you were one witch doctor
against, what, 30 Ashgar?
And I--
You were Constantine.
The
John Constantine.
Once.
This isn't the usual game,
I can feel it.
Something's coming.
MAN:
Oh, Spooky.
Balthazar.
That expression alone has...
made my entire night.
I'll make your night.
I'll deport your sorry ass
right where you stand,
you half-breed
shit!
You know the rules
of my house.
While here,
you will abide by them.
BALTHAZAR:
Johnny boy.
Mm.
Word is...
you're on your way down.
Fresh meat.
[HISSES]
Finger-licking good.
We have a meeting now,
John.
[JOHN COUGHS]
What? I didn't catch that.
[CHOKES]
[TRANCE MUSIC PLAYING]
MAN:
Hey!
WOMAN:
Come on!
[COUGHING VIOLENTLY]
Welcome to my life.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
Mr. Constantine.
I saw you--
I remember.
And then I saw you
at the--
Regular kismet.
I'd like to ask you
a few questions,
if that would be okay.
I'm not really in
the talking mood right now.
Well, maybe you could
just listen then.
Please?
CONSTANTINE:
Always a catch.
My sister was
murdered yesterday.
Sorry to hear.
Thanks.
She was a patient
at Ravenscar.
She...
jumped off the roof.
Thought you said
she was murdered.
Yeah, well,
Isabel wouldn't have
taken her own life.
Yeah, what kind of mental
patient kills herself?
That's just crazy.
Look, I've heard your name
around the precinct.
I know the circles
you travel in.
The occult, demonology,
exorcisms.
Just before my sister
was committed,
she became
deeply paranoid.
She started talking
about demons...
angels.
Now, I think someone
got to her,
Mr. Constantine.
I think they brainwashed her
into stepping off that roof.
Some kind of legion
or, um, a cult.
Sounds like a theory,
detective.
Good luck.
Well, I thought that
with your background,
you could at least point me
in the right direction.
Yeah, okay. Sure.
It wasn't a suicide.
My sister was
a devout Catholic.
Do you understand
what that means?
That means if she'd taken
her own life, her soul--
Her soul would go
straight to hell...
where she'd be
ripped apart over and over
in screaming, brutal agony
for all eternity.
That it?
That about right?
Goddamn you.
[DOOR SLAMS SHUT]
[RUMBLING]
[LOUD WHOOSHING]
Ah!
Go around.
Detective.
What if I
told you that
God and the devil
made a wager...
a kind of standing bet
for the souls
of all mankind?
I'd tell you
to stay on your meds.
Humor me.
No direct contact with humans.
That would be the rule.
Just influence.
See who would win.
Okay, I'm
humoring you.
Why?
Who knows.
Maybe just for the fun
of it. No telling.
Oh, so it's fun?
It's fun when a man
beats his wife to death.
It's fun when a mother
drowns her own baby.
And you think the devil
is responsible?
People are evil,
Mr. Constantine.
People.
You're right.
We're born capable
of terrible things.
But then sometimes
something else comes along
and gives us
just the right nudge.
Well, this has been
real educational but...
I don't believe
in the devil.
You should.
He believes in you.
[BUZZING]
It's a power outage.
Not likely.
What?
We should go. Now.
[♪♪♪]
[DISTANT SCREECHING]
What is that?
[FLAPPING]
Wings.
Maybe talons.
You're kidding.
Of what?
Something that's not
supposed to be here.
[SCREECH]
That's really
not going to help.
Close your eyes.
Why?
Suit yourself.
[SCREECHING]
Demons stay
in hell, huh?
Tell them that.
[ANGELA VOMITS]
[COUGHING]
Don't worry.
Happens to everyone
the first time.
It's the sulfur.
Sulfur?
What were
those things?
Demons.
Scavengers of the damned.
No, no.
It's impossible.
Yeah.
And I don't think
they were after me.
You really believe
she wouldn't commit suicide?
Isabel?
Never in a million years.
Well, let's be sure.
Let's see if she's in hell.
[MEOWS]
ANGELA:
Oh, was it supposed to be
hot or cold?
In front of
the chair.
I can't believe
I'm doing this.
These are all of
Isabel's things?
Yeah.
How about the cat?
Duck?
Yeah, why?
Oh, you think
that's strange.
Cats are good.
Half in,
half out anyway.
If this is some kind of spell
or something,
don't you need candles
and a pentagram for it to work?
Why, do you have any?
This is crazy.
Yes.
I need you to leave.
I'm sorry?
Angela, please.
Okay.
The apartment.
Be careful with that cat.
[MEOWS]
God, I hate this part.
[♪♪♪]
[WIND WHISTLING,
FLAMES CRACKLING]
[PEOPLE SCREAMING]
[SNIFFS]
[GROWLS]
[SNARLS]
Isabel.
Constantine.
[SNARLS]
[DEMON HOWLS]
[SNARLING]
CONSTANTINE:
Angela.
[CONSTANTINE COUGHING]
[CONSTANTINE RETCHES]
Jesus.
Constantine, what--?
Twins.
Jesus. What?
You were twins.
What did you say?
She killed herself.
What?
And she's damned for it.
[♪♪♪]
[PANTING]
How is this possible?
I need to eat.
[GASPS]
[SCREECH]
[VOICES CHATTERING]
Hey! Hey, what are you
doin' in here?
Relax, man.
Slow down!
[GRUNTS]
[♪♪♪]
[VOICES CHATTERING]
[WHIMPERS]
What the hell
kind of place is this?
[SMASH]
[CHATTERING INTENSIFYING]
John.
[YELLS]
[GRUNTING]
[CHATTER STOPS]
CONSTANTINE:
When I was a kid,
I could see things.
Things humans
aren't supposed to see.
Things you shouldn't
have to see.
[HOWLS]
My parents
were normal.
They did what most
parents would do.
They made it worse.
[ELECTRICITY WHINING]
[THUMP]
You think
you're crazy long enough,
you find a way out.
ANGELA:
You tried to
kill yourself.
CONSTANTINE:
I didn't try anything.
Officially, I was
dead for two minutes.
But when you cross over...
time stops.
Take it from me, two minutes
in hell is a lifetime.
When I came back...
I knew...
all the things
I could see were real.
Heaven and hell
are right here.
Behind every wall, every window.
The world behind the world,
and we're
smack in the middle.
Angels and demons can't
cross over onto our plane.
So instead we get
what I call half-breeds.
[♪♪♪]
The influence peddlers.
They can only whisper
in our ears,
but a single word
can give you courage,
or turn your favorite pleasure
into your worst nightmare.
Those with the demon's touch...
like those part angel,
living alongside us.
They call it the balance.
I call it hypocritical bullshit.
So when a half-breed
breaks the rules,
I deport their sorry ass
straight back to hell.
I don't get them all,
but...
I've been hoping to get
enough to ensure my...
retirement.
I don't understand.
I'm a suicide, Angela.
When I die, the rules say
I've got just one place to go.
You're trying to buy your way
into heaven.
What would you do if you were
sentenced to a prison
where half the inmates
were put there by you?
I guess God has
a plan for all of us.
God's a kid with an ant farm,
lady.
He's not planning anything.
When we were little...
Isabel saw things too.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
Dodson.
WEISS:
Guard spotted him
groping the body,
then he ran across the street.
Came in here, and he had
a go at the entire stock.
He drowned himself in alcohol
in under a minute.
Could've been a member
of my fraternity.
Hey, what the hell
is he doing here?
He's okay.
Why didn't you call me,
you son of a bitch?
[PHONE RINGING]
[RECEIVER CLICKS]
BEEMAN:
Yes?
What do you mean?
What?
How?
Mm-hmm.
Got it.
Bye.
[RECEIVER CLICKS]
I need to see where Isabel died.
ANGELA:
Séances, Ouija boards,
channeling.
Our father thought she was
just trying to get attention.
She certainly did that.
She'd tell everyone about
the things she said she saw.
She'd scare my mother
half to death.
And then she stopped talking
for almost a year.
So you had her committed.
Yeah.
How long?
Two weeks.
This time.
She'd get better,
and then she'd get worse.
Recently,
a lot worse.
That symbol that was cut
in the dead guy's hand,
does it have
something to do with this?
I'm a cop, John, remember?
You don't walk off
the roof of a building
without leaving
something behind.
And I showed you
everything she left behind
in that box, but...
feel free.
Maybe she left
something else.
Not something a cop would find.
Something just for you.
You were
her twin, Angela.
Twins tend to think alike.
I'm not like my sister.
But you were once.
When you were kids.
When you'd spend
every second with each other.
You'd start a sentence,
she'd finish it.
You'd get hurt,
she'd cry.
That was a long time ago.
That kind of bond
doesn't just disappear.
There is nothing here.
Hey.
She planned her death...
Come on.
...in this room.
She thought it up right here.
Right where you're standing.
She knew you'd come.
She counted on you
to see what she saw
feel what she felt,
know what she knew.
What did she do, Angela?
How should I know?
I don't know.
What would you do?
What did she do, Angela?
I don't remember.
You know what she did.
I don't.
What did she do, Angela?
I don't know.
You know what she did.
What are you afraid of?
What did she do?
What did she do?!
I don't know!
[SIGHS]
When we were girls...
we would leave
each other messages.
In light.
In breath.
On the windows.
ANGELA:
John, there is
no 17th act
in Corinthians.
Corinthians goes to 21 acts
in the Bible in hell.
They have Bibles in hell?
CONSTANTINE:
It paints a different view
of Revelations.
Says the world will not end
by God's hand,
but be reborn in the embrace
of the damned.
Though if you ask me...
fire's fire.
BEEMAN [OVER SPEAKERPHONE]:
16:29, 16:30.
Oh, my.
This is certainly not good.
"The sins of the father
would only be exceeded
by the sins of the son."
Whose son?
But he can't cross over, B.
Impossible to cross over.
Whose son? God's son?
No, the other one.
The Devil had a son too.
Here it is.
This is the sign of Mammon,
the son of the devil.
Well, hold on, it says here--
[RATTLE]
Wh--
CONSTANTINE: Beeman?
Yeah.
Sorry, I'm-- I'm sorry,
no, I'm right here.
Um...
It says Mammon has no patience
for his father's rule
and yearns to forge his own
kingdom of fire and blood.
[RATTLE]
[THUD IN DISTANCE]
Yeah.
Mammon would be the last demon
we'd ever want crossing over
to our plane.
No, wait-wait wait-
wait-wait-wait, I'm reading--
Seems to be a loophole.
Always a catch.
Um...
It says first Mammon
would have to possess
a very, very powerful psychic.
Isabel.
But that wouldn't be enough.
To cross over, Mammon would
need, um, divine assistance.
To cross over...
Mammon would need
the help of God.
The help of God?
It says--
[BANGING]
[WHIMPERS]
CONSTANTINE:
Beeman?
John, look...
I know you've never had
much faith,
you've never had
much reason to, but that
doesn't mean
that we don't have faith...
in you.
[DIAL TONE]
Beeman? Beeman?
Drive. Fast.
[ENGINE REVS]
[WHIMPERING]
Beeman!
Sulfur.
[INSECTS BUZZING]
[GLASS SHATTERS]
[SIREN WAILING]
Wasn't just Isabel.
I used to
see things too.
But...
you already knew that,
didn't you?
Go home, Angela.
I need to understand.
You don't wanna know what's
out there, trust me on this.
I'm stronger
than Isabel.
Your sister embraced her gift,
you denied yours.
Denial is
a better idea.
It's why you're still alive.
Stick with me...
that will change.
I don't need another ghost
following me around.
John,
they killed my sister.
I'd trade places with her
if I could.
I used to pretend
that I didn't.
That I didn't see things.
And...
by the time we were 10,
they started
forcing her to take...
antipsychotics and...
have treatments.
They would come for her,
and she'd look at me,
and she'd say to me,
"Tell them.
Why don't you tell them, Angie,
that you can see 'em too?"
But I lied.
I said...
"I don't see anything."
Until one day...
I finally stopped seeing.
I abandoned her, John.
I left her all alone.
[♪♪♪]
I need to see what she saw.
Please.
You do this,
there's no turning back.
You see them...
they see you.
Understand?
Yeah.
Sure.
[WATER RUNNING]
[FAUCET SQUEAKS]
[WATER STOPS RUNNING]
So do I have to take
the rest of my clothes off,
or can I leave them on?
John?
I'm thinking.
On is fine.
[♪♪♪]
So why water?
It's a
universal conduit.
Lubricates the transition
from one plane to another.
Now ask me
if there's water in hell.
Is there water in hell?
Sit.
Normally, only a portion of the
body has to be suspended, but...
you wanted
the crash course.
Yeah, I wanted
So, um...
So, what's gonna happen?
Lie down.
What do you--?
What do you mean, lie down?
You have to be
fully submerged.
For how long?
As long as it takes.
Okay.
Take a deep one.
[♪♪♪]
[GRUNTS]
[GASPING]
Oh, God.
Oh, God, all those people.
Oh, Isabel.
I've always known.
I've always known
where they are.
I've always known where to...
Where to find them,
where to...
Where to aim
and where to duck...
And I've always known
where they were.
I've always known
that it wasn't luck.
Always known
I've always known.
I've always...
known that I could see.
[QUIETLY]
I've always...
known that I could see...
Angela.
Someone was here.
It was his.
Rolling.
Not a ball.
Something smaller.
Something shiny.
Balthazar.
[SHEEP BLEATING]
Sorry.
Can you just kill him?
What about the balance?
Half-breed tipped the scales
when he started
killing my friends.
I'm just adding
some counterweight.
John, I really want--
Think of it
as a bulletproof vest.
Uh-uh.
I'm coming with you.
You're staying
in the car.
Fire?
I was born of this.
How's Mammon crossing over,
you half-breed piece of shit?
[GRUNTS]
That's better. Au naturel.
"Stay in the car."
"Wait here."
Men.
Don't fight it, Johnny boy.
[GAGGING]
Enjoy it.
[LAUGHS]
We'll see you very soon.
Not really, no.
You can't cheat it this time.
You're going back to hell.
True.
But you're not.
What are you doing?
I'm reading you
your last rites.
Spare me
your remedial incantations.
You do know what it is
to truly be forgiven?
To be welcomed
into the Kingdom of God.
A demon in heaven.
I'd love to be
a fly on that wall.
You're not a priest.
You have no power.
Just tell me
how Mammon is crossing over,
and you can go back
to your shithole.
Okay, Bally.
Enjoy it.
[WHISPERING IN LATIN]
"May God have mercy on you
"and grant you the pardon
of all your sins.
"Whosesoever sins
you remit on Earth,
they are remitted
unto them in heaven."
[GROANING]
How? How's he doing it?
No.
No, I can't.
Grant your child
entry into thy kingdom
in the name of the Father
and the Son and the Holy Spirit.
Amen--!
[SHOUTS IN LATIN]
The blood of God.
He found it.
Whatever killed the son of God
will give birth
to the son of the devil.
By the way...
you have to ask for absolution
to be forgiven...
asshole.
[LAUGHS]
My work here is done.
What are you laughing at?
She...
was my only mission...
and you brought her
right to us.
So does this walking fast
mean you've found something?
Jesus didn't die from
being nailed to a cross.
He was killed
by a soldier's spear.
The Spear of Destiny.
I'm a Catholic, John.
I know the Crucifixion story.
[♪♪♪]
[WHEEZING]
I drew out the sister
as you asked.
She's been made
flesh and ready.
So much power.
Now, if you grant me
my resurrection,
I shall serve.
Wait.
But I did as we agreed.
No. Please.
No--!
Beeman said Mammon needed
divine assistance to cross over.
How's the blood
of God's only son?
ANGELA:
The stains on the spear.
Yeah.
So he gets the spear.
He still has to locate
a powerful psychic.
Not really.
Twins.
Where's the amulet?
I don't know,
I must have left it in the--
What's wrong?
I don't know, I just feel--
[♪♪♪]
[GASPS]
[WIND WHISTLING]
[WINGS FLAPPING]
Bird on a ladder.
Sorry.
Wait here.
Yeah.
[LAUGHS]
Who's a rat in a dress
now, huh, bitch?
Have you lost
what little mind you have?
Don't.
I need to use the chair.
I offer no aid to one side
or the other.
The balance.
Screw the balance.
[YELLS]
You dare?
In my house?!
Is this neutral?
Bullshit.
You're the only one still
playing by the rules, Midnite.
And while you've been imitating
Switzerland, people are dying.
Hennessy, Beeman, they were
your friends once too, remember?
I need your help!
Consider it a last request.
You play
a dangerous game.
[THUD]
[GROANS]
Two-hundred-dollar shirt,
by the way.
[KEYS JANGLING]
[DOOR OPENS]
MIDNITE:
That little shit has been trying
to climb out of
his father's shadow for eons.
I'd hate to think
what he would do to this world
if he ever
broke through.
CONSTANTINE:
Forgot how big it was.
MIDNITE:
Two hundred souls
passed through
this wood and steel
at Sing Sing.
Yeah.
Which way's east?
[WATER RUNNING]
[WATER STOPS RUNNING]
How many years
since you've surfed?
Like riding a bike.
No, not really.
Tell me...
this isn't about the girl.
Definitely mostly
not about the girl.
Wha--
Cold.
Little flavor?
[♪♪♪]
Sure about this?
No.
[GROANS]
[GUTTURAL VOICE SPEAKS
INDISTINCTLY]
Midnite!
Any luck?
That's a word for it.
Holy shit.
You're Papa Midnite,
aren't you?
And how exactly do you intend
on getting close enough
to use these?
CHAS:
Well, they did not
leave her unguarded.
Half-breeds are most vulnerable
when their outer skin
is breached by holy water.
Certain objects,
most notably either of
the two crosses of Isteria
have been used by
even the unordained
to bless and sanctify all
commonly occurring waters.
Even rain.
Maybe if...
There's no use
sitting on the bench
if you're not
ready to play, right?
So you wouldn't happen to have
one of those enchanted crosses
sitting around here in a cabinet
maybe we could take with us.
Look, John,
no offense,
I just don't think that
it's a great idea, you know,
you going on a solo mission
to save the world.
I-- That's what I--
That's my vote.
I don't know what pops
thinks, but that's--
Take him, John.
Kill him after.
[BLOWS]
[CAR HORNS HONKING]
If you get back, see me
about membership. Maybe.
Okay. I will.
[SPEAKING LATIN]
[SCOFFS]
What are
you doing?
Praying.
Okay.
[SPITS]
Come on.
[WHISPERS IN LATIN]
[♪♪♪]
[WINGS FLAPPING]
[GASPS]
CHAS:
Half-breeds, right?
A birth like this, they're--
They're definitely gonna be
guarding her, right? Definitely.
Yeah.
We can get through 'em.
I mean, that cross
has gotta work, right?
Right?
It's not always like
it is in the books.
[TIRES SCREECH]
[♪♪♪]
[GUNSHOTS CONTINUE]
[SNARLING]
[GRUNTING]
[DEMONS SNARLING
IN DISTANCE]
CHAS:
What is that?
Hellspeak.
You know what to do.
I'm okay.
Sure.
One last show.
Hi.
My name's John.
[SNARLING QUIETS]
You are in violation
of the balance.
Leave immediately...
or I will deport you.
[LIGHTER CLINKS]
All of you.
Go to hell.
Holy water?
[ALL SCREAMING]
[♪♪♪]
[ROARS]
[CLICK]
[GUNSHOT]
[♪♪♪]
[WOMAN SCREAMING]
[GASPS]
[PEOPLE SCREAMING,
DEMONS SNARLING]
Angela.
[ROARS]
Uh, John?
[WATER BUBBLING]
John.
[GROWLS]
Shit.
[SPEAKING LATIN]
[SNARLS]
[ROARS]
CONSTANTINE:
Pull!
[SPEAKING LATIN]
[LAUGHING]
[SNARLS]
[GROANS]
Angela.
Angela, what is it?
[GASPING]
Insi--
Get it out.
[SPEAKING LATIN]
Get it out!
Get it--!
[SPEAKING LATIN]
[SPEAKING LATIN IN UNISON]
[BOTH PANTING]
Oh, my God.
Not bad, kid.
"Not bad." You hear that?
You know why that is?
It's 'cause...
this is Kramer.
Chas Kramer, ass--
[GRUNTING]
Chas!
[WEAKLY]
You're right, John.
It's not like the books.
No...
it isn't.
Into the light, I command thee.
[WIND WHISTLING]
[GUTTURAL]
Into the light, I command thee.
Your ego is astounding.
Gabriel.
Figures.
And the wicked
shall inherit the Earth.
You judging me now, John?
[GRUNTS]
Betrayal, murder, genocide...
call me provincial.
I am simply seeking
to inspire mankind
to all that was intended.
By handing Earth over
to the son of the devil?
Help me here.
You're handed this...
precious gift, right?
Each one of you granted
redemption from the Creator.
Murderers, rapists
and molesters...
all of you,
you just have to repent,
and God takes you
into his bosom.
In all the worlds
in all the universe,
no other creature can make
such a boast, save man.
It's not fair.
If sweet, sweet God
loves you so,
then I'll make you
worthy of his love.
I've been watching you
for a long time.
It's only
in the face of horror
that you truly find
your nobler selves.
And you can be so noble.
So...
I'll bring you pain...
I'll bring you horror...
so that you may
rise above it.
So that those of you who survive
this reign of hell on Earth...
will be worthy of God's love.
Gabriel...
you're insane.
The road to salvation
begins tonight.
Right now.
[♪♪♪]
I know I'm not one
of your favorites.
I'm not even welcome
in your house.
But I could use
a little attention.
Please.
[DEMON MOANING]
Come forth.
Hurry.
Mammon...
son of Satan...
I unleash you unto this world.
CONSTANTINE:
Lu...
What took you so long?
Hello, John.
John, hello.
You're the one soul...
I would come up here
to collect myself.
Mm-hmm.
So I've heard.
You mind?
Oh, go-- Go right ahead.
I've got stock.
Coffin nail.
Very fitting, John.
[SATAN GIGGLES]
You know, when you cut too deep,
you cut the tendons
finger movement
goes out the window.
Let me help you.
See?
Sonny,
I've got
a whole theme park
full of red delights
for you.
Well, aren't you a peach?
I didn't think you would
make the same mistake twice.
And you didn't...
did you?
So how's the family?
SATAN:
Family's doing just fine.
Busy, busy, busy, busy!
Need a vacation.
Word is, that kid of yours
is a chip off the old block.
Well,
one does what one can.
He's in the other room.
Boys will be boys.
With Gabriel.
Hm,
no accounting for taste, really.
They have the Spear of Destiny.
[MOCKINGLY]
"They have the Spear
of Destiny."
Or is it another one
of your cons?
Go look for yourself.
You've waited 20 years
for me, Lu...
what's another 20 seconds?
[SNARLS]
Lucifer.
This world is mine, in time.
You, best of all of us, Gabriel,
should understand...
ambition.
Son of perdition.
Little horn.
[TITTERS]
Most unclean.
I do miss the old names.
Time to go home, son.
I will smite thee...
in His honor.
Looks like somebody doesn't
have your back anymore.
[ROARING]
[WIND HOWLING]
Father?
So...
Yeah, what do you want?
An extension?
The sister...
Isabel.
What about her?
[SCOFFING]
Let her go home.
You're willing to
give up your life
so she can go to heaven?
[MOANS]
Fine.
It's done.
Time to go, John.
Yeah.
[♪♪♪]
[WHISTLING]
The sacrifice.
No.
This one belongs to me.
You will live,
John Constantine.
You will live.
So you will have...
[YELLS]
the chance to prove...
[SCREAMS]
that your soul
truly belongs in hell.
Oh, you will live.
[SOFTLY]
You will live.
[♪♪♪]
Thank you.
No problem.
[BLADE CLANKS]
[WATER SPLASHING]
[COUGHING]
CONSTANTINE:
Human.
You don't deserve to be human.
Do you want revenge?
Is that what you're
thinking right now?
Do it.
Seek revenge.
End my life.
Go on.
Be the hand of God.
It's your choice.
It's always been your choice.
Yeah.
That's called pain.
Get used to it.
You could've shot me, John!
You chose a higher path!
Look how well you're doing!
[WIND WHISTLING]
Nice spot.
I have something for you.
Something tells me you're
not a flowers kind of guy.
Oh, how thoughtful.
John...
why are you giving me this?
Rules.
Hide it.
Somewhere no one will
ever be able to find it.
Not even me.
Ah.
Always a catch.
Yeah.
[♪♪♪]
So...
I've got some
cleaning up to do.
I'll...
see you around.
I'd like that.
[♪♪♪]
CONSTANTINE:
I guess there's a plan
for all of us.
I had to die...
twice...
just to figure that out.
Like the book says,
He works His work
in mysterious ways.
Some people like it...
some people don't.
[♪♪♪]
You did good, kid.